Worker Services in .NET articles and tutorials (#24358)
dotnet/docs: docs/core/extensions/workers.md

With .NET, you're no longer restricted to Windows. You can develop background services that are cross-platform. Hosted services are logging, configuration, and dependency injection (DI) ready. They're a part of the extensions suite of libraries, meaning they're fundamental to all .NET workloads that work with the [generic host](generic-host.md).

## Terminology

There are many terms that are mistakenly used synonymously. In this section, there are definitions for some of these terms to make their intent more apparent.

- **Background Service**: Refers to the <xref:Microsoft.Extensions.Hosting.BackgroundService> type.
- **Hosted Service**: Implementations of <xref:Microsoft.Extensions.Hosting.IHostedService>, or referring to the <xref:Microsoft.Extensions.Hosting.IHostedService> itself.
- **Long-running Service:** Any service that runs continuously.
- **Windows Service**: The *Windows Service* infrastructure, originally .NET Framework centric but now accessible via .NET.
- **Worker Service**: Refers to the *Worker Service* template.

## Worker Service template

> The Worker Service template is available to the .NET CLI, and Visual Studio. For more information, see [.NET CLI, `dotnet new worker` - template](/dotnet/core/tools/dotnet-new-sdk-templates#web-others). The template is rather simple, consisting of a `Program` and `Worker` class.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Worker Service template is available to the .NET CLI, and Visual Studio. For more information, see [.NET CLI, `dotnet new worker` - template](/dotnet/core/tools/dotnet-new-sdk-templates#web-others). The template consists of a `Program` and `Worker` class.
```
